Rubric Guidelines
A rating of 0-3 on the following four traits:

*Content*
Score 3: The response answers the question asked of it. Sufficient evidence from the story is used to support the points that the writer makes.
Score 2: The response addresses some of the points. Evidence from the story supporting those points are present.
Score 1: The response may lack information / evidence showing a lack of understanding of the text.
Score 0: The response is irrelevant / incorrect / incomplete.


*Prompt Adherence*
Score 3: The response shows an excellent understanding of the meaning of the text and question, and stays on topic.
Score 2: The response shows a good understanding of the meaning of the text and question, and occasionally wanders off topic.
Score 1: The response shows a misreading of the text or question, or consistently wanders off topic.
Score 0: The response is irrelevant / incorrect / incomplete.


*Language*
Score 3: Grammar and spelling are excellent, with a wide range of grammatical structures used. The writing shows evidence of a high range of vocabulary, with words used to good effect in appropriate places.
Score 2: Grammar and spelling are good, with only some minor errors. Different kinds of grammatical structures may be used. The writing shows evidence of an adequate range of vocabulary.
Score 1: Grammar and spelling show many errors. Vocabulary is limited and not very varied. Some words may be used in inappropriate places.
Score 0: There are spelling and grammar errors in almost every sentence. Vocabulary is extremely limited, leading to repetitive use of words, as well as incorrect use of words, in many places.


*Narrativity* 
Score 3: The response is interesting. Appropriate use of transitional and linking words and sentences makes the narrative flow smoothly. It is often conversational and makes the story easy to follow.
Score 2: The response is somewhat interesting. Transitional and linking words are used in some places, but not everywhere.
Score 1: The response is very uninteresting and disjointed and is unable to deliver the content at all.
Score 0: The response is irrelevant / incorrect / incomplete.