Rubric Guidelines
A rating of 0-4 on the following four traits:
 
*Content*
Score 4: The response answers the question asked of it. Supporting evidence is specific to the memoir is used to support the points the writer makes..
Score 3: The response mostly answers the question asked of it. Sufficient evidence from the memoir is used to support the points that the writer makes.
Score 2: The response addresses some of the points. Evidence from the story supporting those points are present.
Score 1: The response is minimal to answering the question. It uses little / no information from the memoir and may include misrepresentations.
Score 0: The response is irrelevant / incorrect / incomplete.


*Prompt Adherence*
Score 4: The response is very clear. Supporting evidence is specific to the memoir is used to support the points the writer makes.
Score 3: The response shows a good understanding of the meaning of the text and question, and stays on topic.
Score 2: The response shows an ok-ish understanding of the meaning of the text and question, and occasionally wanders off topic.
Score 1: The response shows a misreading of the text or question, or consistently wanders off topic.
Score 0: The response is irrelevant / incorrect / incomplete.


*Language*
Score 4: Grammar and spelling are excellent, with a wide range of grammatical structures used. The writing shows evidence of a high range of vocabulary, with words used to good effect in appropriate places.
Score 3: Grammar and spelling are good, with only some minor errors. Different kinds of grammatical structures may be used. The writing shows evidence of an adequate range of vocabulary.
Score 2: Grammar and spelling show many errors. Vocabulary is limited and not very varied. Some words may be used in inappropriate places.
Score 1: There are spelling and grammar errors in almost every sentence. Vocabulary is extremely limited, leading to repetitive use of words, as well as incorrect use of words, in many places.
Score 0: Too little content to rate.


*Narrativity*
Score 4: The response is interesting. Proper use of transitional and linking words and sentences makes the narrative flow smoothly. The evidence from the memoir supports the points very well.
Score 3: The response is interesting. Appropriate use of transitional and linking words and sentences makes the narrative flow smoothly. It is often conversational and makes the story easy to follow.
Score 2: The response is somewhat interesting. Transitional and linking words are used in some places, but not everywhere.
Score 1: The response is very uninteresting and disjointed and is unable to deliver the content at all.
Score 0: Too little content to rate.